That's career.
This is love.
Show me yours.
You let me see
Career-minded, you will meet love today
Really or not, don't be noisy.
What's my key?
Why did Luo Keyi come without saying hello?
Yeah, come on, come on
Come with me to meet Luo Keyi
I'll take you away
You are here
Hello Mr. Luo
I am the Zhou family's Zhou Ji
Mr. Luo
I don't know why you are free to come here today
An Fang is still the same, where is my family Fang?
Where is my Fang?
Prepare that alchemist for me
What left key, don't be angry yet.
There was a turtle who relied on himself for a little money before
You must forcibly send an alchemist
Of course the store manager disagreed.
He just rolls around
Oh, by the way, I also want to use violence
The store manager had no choice but to rent the alchemist to him
He has been in the refining room for two hours
finger
Maybe what has happened to the alchemist?
Who are you again? Tell him.
My name is Zhou Jin
He is a disciple of the divine doctor Mu Chunfeng
Mu Chunfeng's disciple hummed
Hey, Luo key, did you hear it?
This kid is wreaking havoc in there
Luo Keyi, I really can't help it.
It's all that turtle who forced me
Make trouble in my Luoming real territory